   Thank You for Joining The Hackers Lounge Community. 

 The Hackers Lounge is a place where you can Chat with The Hacking Lounge Community about the Latest Hacking Software, Hacking Tutorials, Hacking Tips & Tricks, and So Much More! You may even make some New Friends!

 The Hackers Lounge is for Hackers and like Minded People. The Hackers Lounge is a Dedicated Safe Haven for All that is Interested in Ethical Hacking. My vision of The Hackers Lounge is that it be a Community of Hackers that are engaged with one another. I want The Hackers Lounge to be a place to Learn and Share new Ideas with fellow Hackers. I believe we can all Learn something from each other. I invite You to engage with The Hackers Lounge Community. I invite You to Share your Ideas, Knowledge and Support with the Community. I invite You to be Open Minded on Your Quest for New Ideas. Please be Kind and Welcoming to All New Comers. Please Respect All Members of the Hackers Lounge Community at All Times. Have a Good Time and Happy Hacking!

 Like all good things, There are rules!

 You are NOT allowed to be Disrespectful to Any Member of The Hackers Lounge Community. Spam is NOT allowed and will not be tolerated. Please Minimize the Number of Times You may Send Messages Consecutivly. I ask You NOT to Send More than Three Consecutive Messages at a time. If You Send More than this to the Chat or If You Do this to Often, I May Consider this as Spam. You are NOT allowed to share any web address that directly downloads an executuble file of any kind. You are NOT allowed to share any web address that directs a user to malicious or illegal content of any kind. You May Share Web Addresses that Provide Content to Relative Information about Hacking that may be Helpful and Useful with The Hackers Lounge Community. You are NOT allowed to Share, Advertise nor Endorse Any Product, Service or Outside Affilation of Any Kind. You May however Share, Advertise, and Endorse this Channel or https://theoryfreak.com/* If You Shall Please. You are NOT allowed to Share any Personal Identifiable Information of Any Kind. You are NOT allowed to Share Any Email Address. You May however Share Your Own Email Address or an Email Address to a Business. You are NOT allowed to Share any Physical Address. Do NOT Share Anyones Home Address. You are NOT allowed to Share Any Phone number. You May however Share a Phone Number If it be Operated By a Business. You are NOT allowed to Engage In or Commit Any Illegal Activity. Please Be Aware that All of the Activity Conducted within the Community Shall be Lawful and Ethical. We kidnly ask You NOT to Engage with the Community if Your Purpose is Malicious or Illegal in Any Way.

Please Notice, I am NOT Responsible for Anything You May do with the Information You May Obtain from Using this Channel.

If you have any Questions, Comments or Concerns. Please feel free to contact me at anytime, My Email Address is pulse@msn.com



